Hollywood premieres are some of the most
exclusive events in the world
we've never been invited to one but we
do know how to get ourselves invited or
at least make it look that way a
self-proclaimed masters of the art of
speaking into places with over a dozen
of events of experience we're gonna tell
you three of our favorite ways of
getting yourself invited to Hollywood
gala but here's the catch 2 out of 3
times it works every time here we go
we're gonna get out I think one of us is
gonna make it in let's do so direct
because there's actual like intense
security so
let's give it a shot there's absolutely
no way let me go up just walking up to
that we'll call we have to have that
soundbite because it's gonna be so good
I'm gonna get rejected through my friend
he's it was a little last minute I don't
know if 2 1 3
thank you
very beautiful
get in roll hey yo and I think I think
you can do it too do you want this you
get to know each other you should come
with me then I think I can maybe pull it
off with me okay let's give this a shot
Manny poop yeah he was there was a mess
up for him as well
[Music]
you
for the second attempt I'm gonna Ford
your ticket
[Music]
let's see if it works let me see the
ticket let me see what I see
look good - cutting there's like paper
ripping off the sides just like a
five-year collage nice well good luck I
think you'll be fine there we arrived at
the Moana movie and this said Disney's
mean theater so this is way bigger than
we thought good luck son we're getting
here huh sure
look there I would respect the fact that
you do this yeah there's a roadblock
[Music]
it is like paper ripping off it's like a
collage
I respect $2,500 we're gonna get our
friend Mia who just got a beautiful
English accent and she's gonna call the
film festival and say that she works for
a company that's involved with the movie
and that we belong on this list so
hopefully this works
ready hello okay no problem
hello can you hear me hello I mean a
couple of colleagues have just arrived
in from London we just heard from my
boss that there are a couple of cement
tickets for lala land I have no idea yes
yeah they will just you should go now
okay
so we're heading into towards the
premier it looks like we might actually
be on the list this time not just for
the premiere but also for the
after-party
pretty much impossible to do that
so let's try thank you so much we're
currently at Loveland we just got it
[Music]
you're not invited here at all there how
do you feel about this two out of three
times guaranteed by yes theory see you
on our next adventure
[Music]